when you set on Clancy
you said plausible near future conflicts
and that was cost Recon phantoms is
about Bush Recon phantoms we feel does
bring the realism to the battlefield
it's not science fiction it's something
that people could expect to really
happen and this is really what Clancy
and Costigan are about in visual art
matching form with function makes make
something believable that's what I
prayed something that's modern from
something sci-fi is modern is something
that we can relate to when we say
plausible near future conflicts we have
to look at how the world peace and
that's what we've been trying to do with
us we can phantoms the world is no
longer black and white it's great we can
see a blurring of the dichotomy between
dark and light good versus evil now we
will see a lot more internal conflicts
you have rival factions on one side the
ghosts on the other side the Phantom's
ghosts traditionally are fighting for
the to protect the interests of the US
governments on the other side the
phantoms wants to fight to protect the
interests of the US citizens the real
reason for them to fight is actually
power you have to take control of money
fundings but also the most advanced idea
military tax so the new logo represents
the ghosts and phantoms we put it on one
face because phantoms are essentially
ghosts with different ideas it's that
gray area that we're trying to show we
try to encourage inspiration from
multiple forms I think you know with an
art team as much as with a sound team we
don't want to limit them to their input
we want them out in the wild I guess you
could say we don't stick to one one
source because the technology that we're
trapping actually evolves so fast that
first time we saw one piece of
technology it already evolved into a
commercial version today we have
ministry consultants working for us to
make sure that the degree of
plausibility especially on the weaponry
and the technological aspect is is there
correct but we also in fact over the
years we employ quite a few military
personnel themselves that just have a
development career in software the key
source for us as is obviously what DARPA
is doing as well as what the Unity
Center for infantry research has been
doing for the US Army and from there we
derive how something actually works and
then we extract that and simplify it
into what we have now we meet with
Marlowe
our director every day because it's very
important that's what we are trying to
do from a concept from an abstract
endpoints he's clearly expressed from a
visual standpoint working with the
marketing team and having creative
constraints can sometimes be a good
thing so having those type of
constraints actually helps us to extract
more ideas from from our sources I am
passionate about military history and
military technology in the game I'd like
realism in the game in this regard I'm
interested in how things work and how
can you make it simpler and available to
a wider audience we have a little bit of
adversity rested in the world wars with
the French you know they gave us they
gave the Americans their history but we
gave the French their freedom don't tell
it to anybody but so the biggest issue
that we have is quarry factory the F
French and don't want to enrich it we
don't push something else we don't
really make sense in our game